welcome passengers
his jokes we have our rice height
of 10,000 meters reached ours
On-board staff serve them right away
warm lunch meanwhile that's enough
now
that was an incredible trip not to
grasp where we have been and what
we saw everything
but now it's finally back
home he's crazy about shower no
I said nice that it goes home again
You're broke because you get up
have pressure on the ears
I said something
what was that was scarce
please pay attention now
exactly my instructions
understands well
he has
I still can not believe it
Uncle theo was siem 80 years old and
had four by-passes big surprise
was not that not me now
I still can not believe that
the costume rental only this suit in
My size was because you have times
again only at the last push
took care of it yourself
an entrance and what appropriate in his
It was certainly hard to come up
or take off
also the shoes I find the outfit
is here super nanny what have
I because the bag a coupon
Voucher for about for a flight
flight travel meadow flight no it is
a schnitzel coupon a schnitzel
coupon yes a schnitzel coupon for
a schnitzel flat in one
Schnitzelhaus extra super he puzzled
was actually related to animal october
matteo was the brother
no, stop my cousin was the neighbor
a nephew of the masseuse pleased with this
a double bass is also right
Good day you are the relatives of
matteo füchtenschnieder called uncle
matteo matteo all well and has him
leave here
Received criticism here I finished
just fat fingers
world travel world travel
Oh yes
we will stay here forever
So we have an infrastructure
build up
the most important things first
do you have the wlan password again I
have said climb me through
this crevice
schnitzel hunger okay okay that king
Now the show was over, that was all
a test to see if my heritage
even worth since his heritage anke
matteo right 20 operations and this
Sinfully expensive business outfit goods
you do not need me right now
but so I could tell you
German and find out if I mean mine
is capable or not it is
Do not you have a short question here
all that already in writing
detained no, why
on the car matteo of a dinosaur
on the other hand mangles what is standing
also a felsspalt so neuhaus